I described function randomStringUTF8 (#146)
BayoNet/ClickHouse: docs/en/sql-reference/functions/other-functions.md

└────────┴────────────────────────────────┴──────────────────────────────────┘
```

## randomStringUTF8 {#randomstringutf8}

> Generates a random string of a specified length. Result string contains valid UTF8 code points.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generates a random string of a specified length. Result string contains valid UTF-8 symbols.
```

**Syntax**

``` sql
randomStringUTF8(length);
```

**Parameters**

> -   `length` — Required number of symbols in the resulting string. [UInt64](../../sql-reference/data-types/int-uint.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `length` — Required length of the resulting string in code points. [UInt64](../../sql-reference/data-types/int-uint.md).
```

**Returned value(s)**

> -   String of random symbols using UTF8-code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   UTF-8 random string.
```
